You want to make me angry?
Oh, husband, don't be angry.
Phoenix is already sick.
Sometimes being confused is normal.
Don't blame him.
Dad, where are you?
It's not because of you.
I am because later I drink milk conveniently.
Drink milk
Buying that land is worth at most two or three hundred million.
You buy it for a billion dollars just to drink milk.
One hundred million is enough for you to drink ten lifetimes.
Dad, you don't know anything.
That land is a geological treasure.
Think about it.
I splashed a tank of milk on that field, and put a few more cows.
That value will definitely increase.
Stop making noise.
In the wild land bridge in Nam Son, the two houses sold for many years could not be sold.
Return the feng shui treasure
Black wind tea.
You're not stupid enough to be threatened by two families, are you?
I'm fucking you.
I'm talking to your father.
He hit me again.
This drowning of yours is not the father
Don't believe what I'm saying is true.
The bottle told me itself last night.
The value of that cow is sure to go up.
Honey, don't be mad.
He's just sick again.
Let's call a doctor.
You're right.
Big brother is sure that the old problem has happened again.
Go find a doctor.
Honey, what are you doing standing there?
Let's call a doctor.
Big events
The announcement has just been made by the government.
To develop Nam Son
Turn it into a new economic zone.